[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  

Parents are Korean – they can speak Korean, 
Born in Texas until first grade 
Then moved to Ohio
Finally settled in Kentucky (most of his life) – Oldham county
Went to a pretty white middle/high public schools – 

Middle School: Played soccer/baseball (did a lot of sports growing up); 
Basketball since middle school
High school – focusing on extracurriculars – golf and tennis, 



11th grade → Getting going to college for junior and senior year of high school (Gatton Academy) 
Covid hit → get into CS & startup → get into Stanford

After the first year at Stanford → live in a house with Stanford senior/coterm students → building things and developing different viewpoints as entrepreneurs. 
This summer → how startups/big companies are built at vc firm thrive → Tech/consumer 
Next step: potentially take a leave next quarter (SF/somewhere else) → focus on building 

Not religious 

 
[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  Computer science – AI; believe in everything can be “remade” using AI 
 
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  

Max, Riya, Catherine, Odin; 

become friends since freshman year (were dorm friends) 
known them for years now, and they all have their traits and their path 

Max is genuine; Riya - outgoing; Catherine - kind; Odin – witty
Why – spend a lot of time with them, similar values, respect all of them

 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  

Wake up late – 10:30 
Shower – get ready – do some work – live in Durand 
class doing class (do whatever he wants and just get the work done/wherever he wants) 
Eat dinner at night, go to the gym, talk to friends, and go to sleep. 
Usually go out with friends during weekend for like the entire weekend

 
[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  skip 
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  

Ambition – number 1 thing – puts work over everything else (friends and family) 
Kindness – genuine, inclusive
Funny 
Optimistic 
Happy
Prestigious

 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  
Texas, Ohio, Kentucky, Stanford,  
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  

Still, go to school and have friends and do startups
Go with friends + travel the world (if he had the money) 

 
[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  

Ambition 
Doing something for the world/not just chasing something not just for the money
Establish genuine human connections
being kind
doing the right thing
trying to get to the right people

 
How do other people describe you? 

Ambitious - wants to create company.
Curious - always asking questions

 
What do you do in your free time: 


Sports – golf/reading 
Love reading books 




The Fountainhead 





