[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Earliest memory: being carried in a backpack on his dad’s back in his grandparents’ house. 
 
Grew up in London, got two older brothers. Big family on dad's side, spent a lot of time with his grandparents. Went to a really good school in London, tried a lot of different things at school and tried to make the most of them: sports, drama, joined a lot of societies, studying philosophy (best teachers there) altered what he wanted to study. Saw a documentary about a neurosurgeon called Henry Marsh, where in one scene he was doing neurosurgery: the patient was awake, and in order to identify specific areas of cortex, they use little electrodes to stimulate electrodes, to see which parts are active or not. It was a mind bending experience: the power of the brain, and the power of modern medicine. Got interested in fundamental things. Studied psychology, philosophy, linguistics at Oxford in the UK. He was in love at the time, but there’s no Good Will Hunting story for moving for them across the world. 
Spent some time working in Northern India, became interested in cross cultural approaches to mental health, and critical of biomedical reductionist (i.e. “mental health is just a brain issue”). 
After university, he applied to become a social worker, mainly because of an interest in understanding the mind, but also a long standing interest in understanding social change. The social change aspect stems from growing up in an affluent environment, and wanting to help others with their own opportunities. 
 
Moved to Cornwall afterwards, in part to surf. 
 
Applied to Stanford because of a desire to understand mental health. Applied to the Symbolic Systems Masters program. 

[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Master’s in Symbolic Systems. Interested in computational neuroscience and its applications to mental health, particularly what effects life experiences have on the brain, and also interested in the concept of control.  

Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Quite a mix: friends from high school, but also some friends from university, and some friends from living in Cornwall. 
 
Friends are important because he values their perspective on life, they’re incredibly supportive, and they make life seem more worthwhile and easier and more justified. They often push him to become a version of himself. And they’re very funny. 
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Not a morning person. In the morning, he doesn’t always have breakfast, and try to do something productive. Try to mix in exercise at the middle of the day. Get lunch at the dining hall and take tupperware to take food for after. 
 
In the afternoon, try to attend a talk and hang out with friends. 
 
[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Doesn’t cry often. Cried at a movie called Mercy and it was about a lawyer on death row. Shed a tear. 
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Kindness, self awareness, humor and being able to laugh at yourself, sincerity and being passionate and enthusiastic about things. Also people who are quite tolerant and flexible, and who have a depth of interests. 
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Grew up in the UK (London), spent brief periods working in Northern India and Uganda, and then moved to the US for Masters. 
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Would like to combine research and practical work that helps other people with something that relates to the outdoors, like surfing or mountaineering or climbing. Basically: having a diverse set of things that motivate you. 

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
To the best of your ability, make most of what you’ve been given. Contribute to change, improve opportunities for others. Understand the world and also control its effect on yourself. Being open minded, being respectful, being curious, being genuinely open to the value that other people bring to the situations. Trying to enjoy life, but enjoyment being predicated on a world being a fairer place. Most things in your life don’t have a consequential effect on the world and society, so it’s also important to just enjoy your life. You could do something quite impressive, but on the grand scheme of things it’s not. Surf a 30 foot wave. 



