[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  When I was young, I watched so many videos. I was born in Germany, and moved to Alabama. I went to a private school. learned playing violin. My parents got divorced when I was young. When I was in high school, I took many AP level classes. I took four language courses, which are German, French, Latin, etc.
learn all of them, interested in 
 
My mother uses 2 languages, She didn’t want me to be kicked out of class because of the accents. So I only watched movies in French to learn French.
 
[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  
 
I studied earth systems. For my undergrad, I studied symbolic systems. I believe if I can good knowledge in simulation and then i can make good models, which would help solve environmental issues. I am interested in elephants extinction, because I was interested in elephant issue since I was very young.
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  
 
I have a French friend. We share similar values. I made one friend at Stanford, he is now doing his PhD at Princeton. 

What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  
 
I sleep, attend classes, bike, and play violin at band.
 
[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  
 
last Monday. because I wrote wrong name when writing an email to a professor when applying to a PhD program.

What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  
I would say community-mindedness. I like extrovert person, and I want person to be reached out to me. I think this is because my mother is super extrovert person, and I am more familiar my mother like person.

Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  Germany, Alabama, LA, Paris, Stuttgart (for internship)
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  
I read books mostly SF.
Harry potter, 
since college did not have much time for reading

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  
 
happiness
don’t want to sacrifice my time for later
 
I want to solve a problem that matters.



