[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  Born in North Carolina on the east coast, and sometime after that he moved to San Diego, California. While he was in North Carolina, though, his mom was still in school and dad was working. So while at home, his dad was the primary caretaker. His mom was studying pharmacy. After that they moved to San Diego and lived in an apartment in a low income neighborhood. Went to either preschool or kindergarten or both when there (he cannot remember), this was his first school experience. What he remembers at that time is going to the after school YMCA with arts and crafts activities, and remembers there were forest fires. He grew up with eczema, this was hard on him since he would scratch a lot and would bleed and would have to scratch and be itchy. That was a starting point for everything and would struggle with it up until 22 (will come back to it). When he was 5, moved to Texas. According to parents, moved for the cost of living and for his skin. Texas is super dry and super hot, sometimes super humid, so he doesn’t believe it now (the skin aspect). Went to elementary school. Lived in temporary housing before finding a place, so hopped around schools. Found a suburban neighborhood, Grand Prairie (near Dallas Fort Worth), which at the time was a very small town, a newish city. Went to an elementary school, Dalton Elementary. Fun memories were meeting lots of friends who were asian, which was surprising, since he expected a lot of white people (which was mostly true). Friends had the same interests, ate the same food, and watched the same shows (anime). Was identified into the Gifted & Talented program in 2nd or 3rd grade (called pre-AP or advanced classrooms), which was a big factor in shaping his education. Stayed in the same district up until he graduated. Elementary school was close to his house. Elementary, intermediate, and high school were all sorta in a line. Was a bus rider in intermediate school. Lots of questionable behavior on the buses, would dread sitting next to certain people or in certain sections since some kids were really mean. Intermediate school sucked for him, felt a lot more alone, and didn't know anyone he was with. Had to form new connections and step out of his comfort zone, but didn’t really make new friends. Only some which have lasted throughout the years. Instead of focusing on friendships, he focused on class. In Middle school (which was close by), started to realize he was good in school. In terms of studying habits, he didn’t need to do much, but still had good work ethics. Started forming more robust friendships. Bonded over games or shows and things like that. 7th grade was kinda bad, 7th graders are a whole different type of level. He remembers kids screaming at their teachers. 8th grade, there was more of a distinction to the AP students and they were more tame. This continued into high school. Both parents are immigrants from Vietnam, immigrated after the war in the 1970s or 1980s. Dad immigrated to Kansas. Mom to Seattle. Both were sponsored by the catholic church. Parents had big households. Mom has 4 brothers, dad has 7 siblings. Dad left with just his uncles and got in a boat going to refugee camps in places like Singapore. It was a similar situation for his mother. He has a sister 3 years older, growing up felt she was really mean to him. She would say things or do things to him and due to the culture parents grew up in, it was allowed since the oldest is never really wrong (e.g. respect your elders). Freshman year was the first year they went to the same school together. She had to apply to college and one of those was Stanford. She didn’t get in. He didn’t know about colleges at the time, he thought it was just a place you go after high school. He initially planned for community college. Her caring so much made him care and research what Stanford is. Throughout high school, he got into volunteering. He also joined a solar car club. His high school had two different schools, one was more trade-oriented and he would take a bus there. Was also involved in a lot of science/math competitions. Was pretty good at that. Main interests were chemistry, physics, and math. Not computer science. He came to Stanford thinking he would major in EE. Did EE research his first Frosh summer and felt it wasn’t suited for him. Decided to go into the Product Design path, was pretty deep, just had a capstone and two other courses to complete. During COVID, he didn’t get the benefits of the product design major such as the product realization lab, so he switched to CS. He specifically focused on graphics since he likes the idea of being creative and likes rendering. He eventually graduated and ended up working at a startup for a year. He went back to Stanford for his masters in AI. He was pretty into the AAPI community in his undergrad throughout his years (e.g. Hmong Student Union, Stanford Vietnamese Student Association, Asian American Activities Center).


[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  CS - Graphics for undergrad, CS - AI for grad.

Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  Friends from high school and friends from college. Friends from high school are diverse in identity. High school friends are all pursuing advanced degrees (e.g. nursing, med school, pharmacy). Important because they can all be there for each other and able to have a good time together. Meeting up feels like no time has passed and it’s all very comfortable. From college, lots of them are Southeast Asian, mostly because of the communities he spent time with while on campus.

What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  
Depends on the day. Lives off campus in South SF. Depending on the day, he’ll commute down which is about a 30 minute drive. He’ll eat lunch before he goes if he has time and he’ll get ready and go to class. After, he’ll go home if he doesn’t have to grade or do office hours since he CAs. Throughout the week, he’ll try to go to the gym (at least 2-3 times a week). Him and his partner usually cook dinners together and will watch a show or movies in their free time. He will do homework or study for the rest of the night. Weekends they’ll do a lot of chores like cleaning or grocery shopping. He’ll also do a lot of work. Since his partner is fully employed, she does whatever she wants as she doesn’t have school work anymore. He’ll generally set aside time to do stuff with her though.

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  Rewatched Rewatched Everything Everywhere All At Once. The scene where the dad and mom are at different universes. They meet at the film premier in an alleyway as it rains. He says something. This point was really sad since there was so much conflict but so much love there. The concept of loving someone throughout different universes was touching. Was on a plane while watching.

What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  He values people who are kind to others and can empathize with others. He values people who care to help others too. Values peoples’ interests and perspectives alongside their personalities. These last three things are what makes people unique.

Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  NC, TX, CA

What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  Would do something along the lines of teaching and own personal work. His own personal work may be something like engineering or research.



[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  
Being a good person. Constantly learning and improving (both on an intellectual and an emotional level). Cares about giving back.
