[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  
 

Born in costa rica in 2001, grew up there, moved to US for college
2 parents both Costa Rican, only child but big extended family
Went to American school there
Why Stanford? IB program, and was interested in studying psychology but didn’t want to be a psychologist. Saw SymSys in a Youtube video and decided that’s what she wanted to do. Coterm in MS&E and Education minor.
Very intimidated by CS at first but came to love it, especially interdisciplinary class
Doesn’t know what she’s doing next year but wants to work in tech somehow
Hobbies: ballet, in the cardinal ballet group now. 


[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  

SymSys in HCAI track, and MS&E MS with Education minor

 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  

A bunch of friends scattered around, really involved in the Latino community – really values being able to speak Spanish and have people that are her home away from home.
Stanford Women in Business during Covid year, very empowered, strong women from all over (Turkish, Chinese, etc…) that become very close friends
Values culture outside of the US
Unconditional → no matter what she does, she knows her friends will stick by her and be there for her.


What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  

Wake up at 7am, loves going to the Dish in the morning. Calls her mom or listens to a podcast or music
Come back, get breakfast, shower. 
Class in the morning. Lunch with friends.
Class in the afternoon or work depending on days.
Dinner in between assignments or with friends.
Journal or read before bed. Alternates between fiction and nonfiction.


[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  

Eddies movie pick for Educ101 – kids playing violin at the end of the movie in Carnegie Mellon (movie name: Music of the Heart with Meryl Streep)


What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  

Love when people have strong perspectives on things, Open and not super set on their opinions, open to sharing.
Kindness and striving to be better
Fun, and not taking yourself too seriously. 
Balance between knowing what your goals are and going after them, but also spontaneity and sense of fun in life.


Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  

Costa Rica, Stanford for 4 years, Paris for 3 months, NY for 3 months, SF for 3 months (NY & SF for internships).


What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  

Dance in a ballet company, start a project (not necessarily a company) and tinker – maybe a tech product, and spend more time with family & read of course! 

 
[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  

Education, excellence and trying to do the best in what you do, kindness, purpose in what you do and knowing why you do it




