[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  
Don’t remember before 5-6

Most important is age 4 - mom had a severe mental illness so she leaves his dad to marry the editor of a right wing satirical journal in london
Dad trying to afford a mortgage he can’t afford with a son who has trauma from divorce
To deal with his own emotional issues, dad becomes a drag queen. He also gets fired from his job.
But, because the house is in a nice area, he goes to a posh elementary school
Only had one friend - their parents work for city government

Ended up in same advanced placements with this friend
Applies for middle school ot be with his friend
Middle school is about an hour’s bus ride from house
Ended up getting into podcasts because of long ride
Listened to history of rome podcast probably 3 times - then branched out

Lots of narrative history


Great Courses advertisement ends up at his house - this is a program where professors give courses and record them and you can buy it on audible for cheap so he bought
Goes to high school - Seattle school district means he has to bus an hour and a half to school. 3 or 4 schools closer, but don’t have math or chemistry that he hasn’t taken already.
Still not well socially adjusted - not that many friends
Like to argue - joins high school debate club

Professor at University of Washington who volunteers to run the debate club for free
Finds people he gets along with
This debate is more of a research activity, learned more from debate than other classes combined.
He is a pretty competitive person - so kept researching to win
Consequence is that he ends up with lots of esoteric knowledge at the end of high school, and figures he should go to college.

Main factor for college is cost - realizes that bigger name schools cost less.
Applies to Stanford early because his parents are moving - ends up getting in and studying economics
About 12- middle school dad gets together with stepmom who he doesn’t get along with, so he is motivated to find a way to get out of this house.
After getting into early decision, he moves in with his grandparents and zooms into school because of covid.
Hard to visit dad because he and his dad’s spouse don’t get along.


[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  Economics, but I have a minor in history and a plan to pursue a masters in computer science.
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  I have categories. Some friends through debate at Stanford. These are just people I spend a lot of time with so I care about them as a result. I have a number of friends from high school who I have known for a very long time. Did poorly from the start of high school to sophomore year of college, was depressed and low self esteem and these friends did a lot to help him feel included and mean something to someone and that meant a lot to him.
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  I live with my girlfriend. I usually wake up late and go to bed late. I like to eat a large breakfast because it’s my favorite meal. A large breakfast is a good day. I consume a lot of coffee, or it’s hard to focus. I have one or two classes to go to, then come home and do homework. I don’t have much free time because I do more work until I don’t have time. On the weekends I go to debate tournaments, this involves flying to the east coast and staying at hotels. When not debating I do psets, if I had more time I would explore but I don’t have enough time for that now.

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response: [Redacted]
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  I like people with a strong sense of what they think is right and wrong and who stick to that even if it doesn’t necessarily align with what I think is right or wrong. Having it be coherent and not necessarily align with what society thinks is right is important. People who are too quick to fit in are a sign of weakness. I like people who are reasonably smart.
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  I lived in Seattle throughout high school. I moved to Bellingham briefly during senior year. Now I basically live on Stanford campus. I spent most of my breaks during high school in San Francisco. 
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  I don’t like the premise of this question because I would probably work. I will answer a slightly different question which is what would I do if I didn’t have to worry about money. I would find a job where I can research something I care about and I feel like my research is doing something good for the world.

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  I want to actualize myself as much as I can while I’m alive. I think it’s important to do unto others as you would have done unto you.



