[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
 
Response:  Eleni 27 years old born and raised in athens until 18 moved ehre to undergrad father is an architect and developer building hotels in the tourism industry \ etc , mother is pulmunologist, only child, fairly large family, raised in island of crete moved to athens at 3 spent there most of the year until summer, has a dog, first dog 4 years older than her passed away when she was in 10th, second dog then, always creative loved arts and crafts from random objects she found along the way liked reading harry potter always loved maths physics anything engineering or math related, not a huge fan of humanities, thought  she’d be an architech chose staford for that , in undergrad realized that she loved mech e and product design and did research in civil engineering looking at applications of 3d printing in constructions to minimize material usage decided to do masters in mech e focusing on product design track, ta’d me310 engineering design and enterpuirshin innovation year long design challenger class, first quarter problem space, then prototyping then product, TA’d that class while covid happened at the end of the first year of her masters, lived alone was really hardbeing an interntiatiol student not ebing able to travel back, after graduation went back to greece for an year, came back to do a phd in civil engineering focusing on sustainability focusing on low carbon building and leveraging tech to design human centric low carbon infrastructure. 
 
At the beginning of her last year of undergrad, she met her partner on a dating app, dated until she had to go to Greece, then got back together when they moved back here, and did an internship the summer between the first and second year of her masters in a 3d printing company the product she worked on became a patent for the company, after that she realized that using 3d printing for products is a lot easier than for buildings then decided to pivot in that direction typing to use technology to build between buildings.
 
During the first year, her master lived off campus at a house in Menlo Park with 4 other people; when COVID-19 happened, they all left. One of them decided to stop paying rent, forcing them to pay themselves and break the lease early; they moved back to campus, lived in a very tiny studio back on campus, and could not breathe or live comfortably because of the wildfires and COVID due to poor air quality this motivated her to move back to the sustainability side.

[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  Undergrad -> Architectural design civil engineering, hamsters mech e, phd in civil engineering sustainable design and constructions, lab center for integrated facility engineering.
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response: Many of her friends are from Greece; she has spent most of her life in the US, too. She made some dear friends when she was 3 years old and still friends with them. She also has friends from elementary school and high school. She has a lot of friends at Stanford, and they are spread all over the US. One of her closest friends was her roommate since junior year.
 
So, I have a lot of, because I'm an international, and I grew up in Greece, but I've spent most of my adult life in the U.S., I have friends who are kind of spread all over the world right now. I have some dear friends that I met when I was about three years old, and we were in the same kindergarten, and have been friends since, same with some of the people that I was in elementary school with, and some people from high school, and I have a lot of friends that I made here at Stanford, who have now spread all over the U.S., and one of my closest friends, her name is Isabel, she was my roommate my junior year, and we have kind of been inseparable since, even though we no longer live in the same state, and we kind of talk on a daily basis, and kind of share our experiences and keep in touch.
 
Okay, so my friends are important to me because I'm more of the kind of person who have few close friends rather than a ton of friends. They're important to me because they can provide a lot of support during, you know, difficult times, especially during COVID. Like a lot of my friends were kind of the thing that got me through a lot of things that were really tough at the time, both because of the pandemic, but also with my family. And I felt like I could really rely on them and, you know, share with them a lot of details and kind of feel supported. They're also really important to me because we can have a lot of fun together, you know, explore things, exchange ideas. And I think the most important thing is feeling like I'm understood. I think growing up in particular in a place like Greece, it can be very alienating if you don't necessarily fit into a specific culture. That's one really big difference between a country like Greece and the U.S., where it's a whole lot more multicultural. So for me, that was something that I struggled a lot growing up. And kind of coming here and having friends from all over the world really started to change that. And I felt a lot more understood and like I had more common ground.
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  
Okay, so I guess it really depends on the time of the year. Right now, because we are during the school academic year, my daily life is very much dictated by the classes I'm taking, and their schedule, and what week we are in the quarter. Overall, I'm trying to really stick to waking up at the same time. It's something I've struggled a ton with the past, especially over the last few months. But this quarter so far, I have been waking up between 7 and 8 every day, which for me is a huge deal. And once I kind of wake up and have breakfast, I usually either start working or have to commute to come to campus, try to basically work as much as I can, and then at the end of the work day, go work out. Sometimes I might have to work again when I get home, cook dinner, catch up with some friends, spend some time with my partner, catch up with my parents on the time zone that they're in, and go to bed at a reasonable time after I've definitely watched a little bit of some sort of sitcom.
 
Okay, so I guess it really depends on the time of the year. Right now, because we are during the school academic year, my daily life is very much dictated by the classes I'm taking, and their schedule, and what week we are in the quarter. Overall, I'm trying to really stick to waking up at the same time. It's something I've struggled a ton with the past, especially over the last few months. But this quarter so far, I have been waking up between 7 and 8 every day, which for me is a huge deal. And once I kind of wake up and have breakfast, I usually either start working or have to commute to come to campus, try to basically work as much as I can, and then at the end of the work day, go work out. Sometimes I might have to work again when I get home, cook dinner, catch up with some friends, spend some time with my partner, catch up with my parents on the time zone that they're in, and go to bed at a reasonable time after I've definitely watched a little bit of some sort of sitcom.
 
[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  the last time I cried was when I was back home in Athens in September. My dog, beloved Manousos, who is very dear to me is 15 years old or even more (he was a stray so we do not know for sure), had a mini stroke right in front of me the day before I had to fly back to the US. He is thankfully okay now but this was a strong reminder that my little pup has grown old and the time we have left with him is limited. I hope to get to see him again this Christmas. I have no siblings so Manousos has been a huge part of my life growing up, as did Aris, our previous dog. When we lost Aris, we left the rest of his food out in the woods across our house, and just a few days later Manousos showed up and has been part of our family ever since. Manousos helped me cope with losing Aris very suddenly, and I am now deeply sad that he’s got little time left with us. In some ways, I’ll be losing both of them this time. 
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  Value honesty does not like when people lie, hard time lying struggles in the past because even if she doesnt like she can not say something because it makes her uncomfortabl biut people that do that is somthin
 
I value a lot honesty. I don't like when people lie. I personally have a very hard time lying. I do like people to just call it as it is. It's something I've struggled with the past because maybe I'm not lying but like sometimes can you know not say something because it might make others uncomfortable even though I feel like it's really important to me but people who do do that and who speak up their minds and they do it in a respectful way and actually express their true sentiments is something I really value in others.
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  Crete, Athens, US Bay Area and New York, Also lived in Italy in a small town Vittoria Venata
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  One fo the reasons she decided to do her phd, she loves thinking and building things, loves getting her hands dirty and spending time in that creative zone 

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  Honesty, does not like breaking rules, having the opportunity to help others, work life balance spending quality time with friends and family having hte ability to have enough money to feel safe and support her loved ones who need that. Sustainability and resourcefulness, something that she’s been working on, interesting on seeing ways that she can 
 
Well, as I said, I really value honesty and I try to... I definitely don't like breaking the rules, so I guess for me that is a big one. Having the opportunity to help others as well is something important, something that I definitely need to work on more. My values... Work-life balance, spending quality time with friends and family, having the ability to have enough money to be able to feel safe and to support my loved ones if they need that. Yeah, okay, what else? Sustainability is a really big value for me, so I think I should add that there. And resourcefulness, that's something that I've been working on. I think the more I work on sustainability and I realize how much we kind of throw away, I'm interested in seeing ways that I can avoid doing that in my daily life and try a few things, such as trying to upcycle and do other things. They've all failed, but I'm still on the lookout for other ideas. I think that sums it up.



