[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response: Born in Germany, I went to a bilingual kindergarten, then went to a bilingual middle school and a bilingual high school. But this time it was predominantly English starting in the third grade. Frankfurt is a very international city. I learned about finance due to Frankfurt being a finance hub. I read a lot of books and came upon Kurzweil trilogy on artificial intelligence and got really interested in the field. Asimov’s Foundation trilogy was also great. Nietzschean philosophy is also really fun. I really started to like the US tertiary education system because it is based on curiosity and exploration while the european education is more about moving people along into productive roles. I then got into Stanford and came here. A very important decision was deciding to come to the US, then that Stanford let me in, and then deciding to go to Stanford. These were all pretty big decisions that I made.
 
[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  I am a computer science major. I study computers. Specifically, I am on the AI track, which means I’m trying to understand how machines learn and how complex systems can understand information as well as create new knowledge. The field is incredibly interesting since it is at the core of so many other disciplines and knowledge from here is transferable and applicable in so many other contexts and places. It showed up in PhD Econ classes, Physics, Psychology, etc.
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response: My friends are people that I have interesting conversations with, get along well with, and who I have similar values with. I don’t care about people’s politics or socioeconomic background, but I like people who are open, curious and eager to learn. Life is fun around them – it’s interesting, exciting, and I always learn something new. I feel like I am growing as a person around them. 
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response: I wake up and go on a run. Once I am back I go and shower, and then I go to class. After classes I work, hang out with friends, get dinner, do more work and at some point late in the night go to sleep. Rinse and repeat.

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response: That was really long ago. I don’t recall when. I don’t know what that says about me. Oh, I recall. I saw this video of a dog that was obviously old and enjoying the sunset, presumably for the last time. The caption was that the dog was enjoying the sunset for one last time. It made me realize the meaning of life and how short life is. It reminded me of my grandparents who were in that stage of life where cognitive and bodily functions regress and that made me very sad that they would soon not be among us. That was the last time I cried.
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  I strongly value curiosity, open-mindedness, steadfastness, intelligence, contrarianism and people who have an interesting life.  
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  I’ve lived in two out of three states that have an element in their name. I lived in Hesse and California. Those are the only two places I’ve lived, Stanford and back at home. I travel a lot, so I have ‘lived’ in other places, but I haven’t felt grounded in those places as I have not lived there long enough. I have been to all continents except antarctica, have flown around the world (literally) three times, 2011, 2012 and 2019, and have a strong understanding of many places. For example, I have been in Beijing and Shanghai in 2012, 2016, 2018 and 2019 and through friends and lived experience have a good understanding of Beijing and Shanghai. Although I would not consider myself to have lived there I do understand the cities. The same goes for St Moritz, where I have gone skiing every year for well over a decade. I also have spent a lot of time in London, Munich, Paris and the South of France, so I understand those places very well. My definition of a place I understand is when the locals don’t treat me like a foreigner and I am one with the city. This does not mean I have been there long enough to know everything but long enough for the people there to consider me “one of them”. With that being said, this applies to quite a few cities, but Palo Alto/Stanford and Frankfurt are the only two cities I would say I have lived in (and have my tax residence there). 
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  I’d read. I’d be inspired. I’d want to make the world a better place. It sounds cliche, but I want to bring us into a future that we would actually want to live in, and not just the future we are likely to live in. We need to be excited to live, excited to enjoy the moments and not regretfully spending our time anticipating and expecting a future that we don’t actually want. 

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  Honesty, integrity, open-mindedness, curiosity, loyalty, energy. I want to live a fulfilling and interesting life and want to contribute to humanity, our progress and progress as a whole. 
 



