[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  The furthest back I remember is kindergarten/first grade. When I was young, I would spend a lot of time with my grandparents, so my routine for the first half of my life was to go to school and then head to my grandparents. Since both my parents would be working on the weekends, I would also be at my grandparents the whole weekend too. In general I had a lot of fun there. My grandpa used to be a teacher back in Vietnam before the war, so he would spend a lot of time tutoring my brother and I using Math and English textbooks he bought at the flea market. While on the weekends, my grandma would teach me how to read and write Vietnamese. I think this made me really like learning and school which sort of led me to Stanford by making me want to excel at school. Growing up, I also enjoyed playing games on my computer. Back then, we didn’t have internet access, so I had to find different things to keep me busy. It always intrigued me how computers can be so compact, yet can do so many different things, and this led me to study computer science here.

[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  CS Major, AI track
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  I have a lot of friends from home that I’ve known for nearly 10 years. They all practically share the same background as me – they’re all Vietnamese and FLI students. My friends at Stanford are all CS majors who I’ve practically hung out with everyday for the past few years.
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  My daily life is pretty simple. Just do school work when needed – otherwise, go out to eat or play games and then sleep.

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  Not sure, maybe a few years ago. Not sure exactly why either.
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  The qualities that I value the most in people are empathy, honesty, determination, and kindness.
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  I’ve only ever lived in Orange County down in SoCal, specifically Westminster, CA. 
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  Travel and enjoy nature. I would love to explore more of the world and see all that it has to offer.

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  The most important things for me in life is explore new things and have fun.




