[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Born and raised in New York, in North Shore on Long Island. Lived in the Queens for first few years. First memory as a kid was reading; went to the local library and tried to fill the blue bag in the library with as many books as possible. Loved “Rainbow Fish,” “Giving Tree,” etc. Went to a Catholic nursery school at a church, remembers a playground with wood chips. Went to church because all the other Asian kids in the neighborhood went to church. Fell asleep during all the prayers and readings. Went to a public elementary school, got placed in the Gifted and Talented program, 90% Asian. First crush was in second grade (only person who’s ever rejected him). Got almost suspended once from going to the bathroom and throwing a brown paper towel at the wall. Ratted out the other people doing it. It was culture week so all the parents setting out food saw him going to the principal’s office. Moved to Long Island end of second grade. Started going to public elementary school there. Was close to the school nurse and would go there a lot to ask her medical questions (why bandaids work, how cuts heal, etc.). Also got really close to Mr. P, the math specialist teacher. Second grade he was an ESL advisor and was assigned to help a Chinese girl; but then his friends made fun of him for it so he started being really mean to her. Discovered he was really good at math in 5th grade, did the math olympiad and won regionals. Jumped up in math in middle school, took 8th grade math in 6th grade. Started writing in 7th grade, had this amazing English teacher who got him into reading and writing poetry. Won a writing award once. Started playing piano when he was 3 because a family friend played a really beautiful piece so begged his parents to let him play. Changed piano teachers in early middle school and had him audition for something, so he would go into the city and take classes and found a community of people he really liked. Summer before 8th grade he did a piano tour. Music taught him a lot in terms of composure, discipline, etc. In high school, freshman year COVID happened and his love for music died out a bit. Got into Julliard but got burnt out because of how much practice he was doing. Started getting interested in other things, like research: read a paper on Parkinson’s disease, wanted to learn how to program but didn’t take a course, so just cloned a Github repository and spent 8 months learning every line and optimizing it. Sent it to the professor who offered him a job. Did research for the next 3 years. Did volleyball and tennis at school. School was a really intense public school, did a lot of research there. Had a teacher there who was the only teacher to ever make him cry. Junior year he was on a science fair show. Did more writing and did some programs. Had a rocky relationship with parents and relationships but learned a lot from it. Money became important to him close to end of junior year, so he started doing jobs and contracting work (mowing lawn, catering, consulting, etc.) Scholarships became a big thing senior year. After graduating high school, he went solo traveling in Asia, met his current girlfriend. Rediscovered his culture and defined what it meant to be an Asian male. Came to Stanford, took classes, got diagnosed for ADHD. Started building this January in gov tech, targeting a problem he feels strongly about (crisis intervention related to children). Now he’s here. Important choices: moving out to Long Island, auditioning for Julliard, solo traveling, giving up part of music to do research, starting to build this last year, become financially independent.
 
[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Studying primarily CS, debating between Design or MS&E secondary. CS is a very straightforward major which overlaps with things he wants to build. CS with the focus of AI. Interesting in applications and translational work in terms of how we take new frameworks and apply those in our lives. Considering Design but it’s a pretty big major. Considering MS&E because it’s good for a coterm. Ultimate goal is to apply to the GSB 2+2 program senior year.
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Few buckets of friends. His best friend is his girlfriend Jenny. What he appreciates most about her is how much context and perspective she gives him. They’re so different in so many ways, so each time they talk they learn something. She takes things at different levels of granularity, so she grounds him. He struggles with making friend groups because a weakness of him is being able to maintain those types of group connections, so rather he has scattered friends. The friends he choose to hang out with the most, surface level it’s just vibes. A lot of his friends push him to think beyond how he normally thinks. 
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Days are quite hectic. He’s in a long distance relationship so he usually wakes up to a good morning text and a few minutes of checking notifications. Has been better at waking up early through necessity and getting work time. Usually exercises in the morning (tennis, badminton, rockclimbing). A lot of his classes are in the morning but he usually doesn’t go to them. IN the afternoon, he does music, spends time with girlfriend and friends, etc. Tries to find time to read and journal. Tries to spend time de-stressing when he can. Tries to get meals with friends when he can. At night he usually calls his girlfriend, talking to her for a while, and eventually falling asleep. Generally a daily schedule doesn’t exist and he wishes there was more structure. 
 
[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
End of the summer, from a fight with his girlfriend. 
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Ambition, curiosity, adventurous, loyal, genuine desire to connect and make memories, empathy, kindness, transparency. 
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Queens, Long Island, Stanford, Boston, Spain, NoMad
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Spend a period of time exploring as much of the world as he can: meeting people in those areas, documenting it, creating some sort of experience and memory. Would still build, but without having to think about money and profit and growth. Would spend time settling down, spend more time with his girlfriend, make some place his home. Explore different careers out of curiosity (being an interior designer, working on a farm, being a musician again). Focus on personal health and understand himself. 
 
[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Satisfaction/happiness in himself and the state of his life. He values human impact. Money is important to him. It’s ingrained as a responsibility for him. The pursuit of creative freedom, understanding interdisciplinary connections. He also appreciates things that are spontaneous, adventurous, things that make you think outside what’s comfortable. Also appreciates connection and documentation. Appreciates awareness of time (balance between living in the moment, planning for the future, and hold and remembering memories from the past). 



