[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  

Born in Chicago when father was doing Master’s degree
Moved to Quito, Ecuador for couple of years
Moved to Lima, Peru for 4y (first relationships w ppl, early memories)
1st grade: moved in the middle of the year b/c parents got divorced → father stayed in Peru, mother brought Mateo and sister to Ecuador
Lived in Ecuador until he was 18
Moved to Boston to do undergrad (Berklee) for 2 years → moved to Manhattan during Covid (lived w girlfriend & dog) → moved back to Boston to finish school

Wanted to make algorithmic art
Last semester: started working at MIT VR lab → got job in SF startup for 2y

Now at Stanford, doing MST at CCRMA: acoustics & HCI


[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  Computer music, HCI, acoustics (Masters of Music Science & Tech)
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  

Ecuador: OGs from school
SF: friends from work (coworkers & old boss)---goes to SF from time to time to hang out & goes on hikes
Stanford: few friends from program; two friends from before Stanford (sister’s girlfriend’s cousin, girlfriend of friend from Ecuador)

 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response: Try to design a day that I can feel happy about

8am → water → coffee → shower → read → class → 2pm lunch (“I break the fast then”)
Creative coding (used to do one sketch a day; now does one song a day & posts on Instagram)
Homework


[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response: Dated this girl for 4mo → first week at Stanford, friend called him to say he hooked up with said girl (he didn’t know about their relationship)
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  kindness, good listener (this is rare in the modern age), openness
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  Chicago, Quito, Lima, Boston, NYC, SF, Palo Alto
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  I think I would do the same. I came back to school after working in industry b/c I wanted to do exactly that—being surrounded by interesting people, stimulating environment, etc.

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  I want to be as comfortable w myself as possible & as genuine as I can & be nice to other ppl.
 



