[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  Born in Guangzhou China, 2005 baby. Grew up with grandparents and mainlygrandmother on mom’s side. boarding preschool at 3. every morning, grandma would hold hand, walk along the streets, pass fish market and stationary store and get dropped off at school. pretty nice, good campus,l remembers at some point origami activities and the such. but mainly, kinda just taught us things and went on walks. hated mochi and would spit it out everytime its given. every night was kept in one room together. in guangzhou bad typhoons. her bed next to window so she got really scared of the noise. had vivid dreams and would write stories. moved to ameria at 6/7 moved to irvine. started writing and wanted to prove that even tho english was third language, she could be better than everyone else. in eleemtnary school ,wrote a book saga dog series (smartie, doggo, wisdom) friend did illustrations she did writing. liked reading a lot: percy jackson, series of unfortunate event.s went to an ESL class in second grade (cuz english was no good) changed to normal elemtnary school in third grade but had to take supplementary school. teacher was an imigrant from vietnam and told the story of how she escaped vietnam during war on helicopter. come 5th grade, she applied to private school and defied odds of parents. there, was a far drive (moved to newport beach) thought school was super white. kept doing writing, started doing scholastic competitions. summer after 7th grade, went to tour hoarding schools with friend from hong kong (fancy boarding schols) family friends wanted to ship kids to boarding schools. she went “dad i wanna go” dad thought she couldnt get in but she got in loomis chaffee. mom and her liked to watchgilmore girls therefore she wanted to move to connecticut. she liked seeing the seasons but they got super cold. people were kinda surface level. loved doing debate (first freshman at school to win nationals). did student council at loomis didnt write as much. played tennis . chose debate as my sporty at loomis lmfaoooo. student council would meet late at night and go into really old building at one end of campus which smelled like oil painting (oil paintings of old white men ). covid happened didnt like the place she decided so she went back home. started doing cs stuff when she went back home. started coding some apps. wanted to take stats but teachers said you can only take until youre a senior should take cs instead. parents didnt want her to do cs wantedthe brother to do cs instead. she remembers this very well but defied the odds. started to write again won scholastic. met isabella (co-founder) at 17. came to stanford, dropped for a quarter took a one way flight to nyc. after a bit, decided sirnt want to build in consumer social. came back decided wanted to work on more technical problems. end of december i meet mason 
 
important hcoise:

moving to US was not her choice but really changed her life
getting into writing
starting cs
coming back from boarding schol 
going to nyc coming back to nyc


[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  
She is designing her own major in engineering around computer science and neuroscience. study this because she loves CS but from a very applicable perspective, wants to get technology into the hands of people, loves neuroscience because cognitive architectures in machine learning will look very different in the future andwill get to AGI. studies how models will apply in agentic learning. realized that she was pretty good at machine learning without having to study.
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  
Mason is her best friend (her boyfriend). she loves the way he thinks. talks about life from a big sense of caring aout values and making iportant decisions based on connections. human connections is the most important thing abouther. cares a lot about spending time with people she cares about but is selective. thinks a lot of people are trying to optimize for looking for as many people as posible. she doesnt believe i nthat. values people who are ambitious in career, life, caring, youre the average of the people around you. friends have pushed her supported her and cared about her
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  
idk dude. she works, she codes, she writes, she thinks. she should probably call her family more. tries to find more things that make her happy. spends her days trying to balance between responsibilities and commitments in terms of school. idk she just works adn builds things that she enjoys. she tries to find more time to write, which is harder for her. tries to get meals with people, she drives home at the end of the day. She spends time with boyfriend and that is it. and in the morning she wakes up with boyfriend and then it starts over again. 

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  
a few weeks ago. stressed and missing how care-free life was at some point. 
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  
genuineness, loyalty, ambition, spontaneity. groundedness. 
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  
guangzhou, irvine, newport beach, connecticut, new york, saratoga, stanford, cupertino
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  
spend a lot of time with friends, do a lot of writing with no schedule, a lot of reading, go traveling. visit and reconnect with people. spend a day in their lives. learn more about stories of strangers. would still build though, especially technology she finds interesting. build things for friends and for herself. 

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  
human connection. happiest times she's been alive is when she is around people she loves. pursuit of knowledge and creativity. things that she tend to wrk on falls on these lines. care a lot about story and adventure. spends her life doing should make her a more interesting person instead of being complacent. if a really cool opportunity popped up she would go and take it. other life values: cares a lot about fullfillment. she would like to die being fulfilled. that usually doesnt equivalent to being particularly being successful or wealthy. #1 is still a human connection. 
 



