[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  
Born in Illinois, Champaign. Group up in IL until moving to Stanford. Went to a next-generation schrool from pre-school to 7th grade. Started playing Violin at age of 5-6. Started swimming. Those were choices made by parents. These hobbies stuck with him. His parents are from Korea. Grew up learning Korean and English together. Going into high school made him reconnect more with the Korean culture/ made the choice consciously to learn more about and surround himself with Korean language/culture/traditions. In 7th grade, applied to a high school called University High School (8th-12th grade). Took the SSAT, got into the high school. Started 8th grade at Uni. At Uni, he wasn’t very interested in colleges. Earlier in high school from 8th to 10th grade, he focused on himself, doing a lot of violin and swimming as opposed to back in middle school where he did a lot of things in variety. Became interested in math at high school. Started doing math competitions and number theory. In junior year, applied to a summer program called TSIP a humanities-focused project. His high school was very STEM focused so he didn’t really took an interest in the Humanities. However became interested in humanities. Applied to colleges to Comparitive Lit, Math, Computer Science. Started off as Symbolic Systems. Took intro Math and CS courses, realized not interested in proofs much and not in Math and CS. Had a couple quarters where he didn’t know what to do. Ended up majoring in CS and HCI for co-term. Focusing on accessible technology. Now a senior and finishing up his co term. Hoping to graduate in June. Now graduating and figuring out what to do for the future. 
 
[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  CS with AI concentration, coterm CS-HCI
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  Two main friend groups: 1. high-school friends who have stuck with him for a long time 2. At Stanford, people who are in the Korean students association. The group dynamics are very different now versus when he was a freshman but it is his connection to his culture on Stanford campus. 
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  Doing General Ed requirement courses. Wake up 9-10. Go to class if he needs to . Recruiting for industry positions: full-stack development. 

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  Pretty recently, I watched a show and cried: a member of Culinary Class Wars’s backstory. 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  Being open. Being loyal to what you believe in. People who are honest in what they feel and not being stuff behind people’s back. 
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  IL, Seattle for this summer, Stanford
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  Music: he would practice Violin more and maybe try a few more instruments. Doing side projects like making a game. 

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  Being honest. Being able to confront situations and people. Separating work and play. Work hard, play hard. Family. Friends. 




