[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  The first important decision I made was right before going into high school: I decided to go to a Purdue summer biology camp. At this camp, I met a lot of inspiring and hardworking people, and they rubbed off on me, motivating me to study a lot of chemistry outside of school. Eventually, I ended up taking about 10 hours of chemistry classes every week outside of school and devoted a lot of time to doing problems myself as well. I also decided to join the science bowl team and soccer team, which was what I enjoyed most about high school. In science bowl, I met a very smart and inspiring friend, who sadly passed away a few years ago. At Stanford, I began as a premed student and decided to take only premed classes. Then, freshman spring I had a change of heart after shadowing doctors during the winter quarter and decided I wanted to study computer science instead. As a result, I took a lot of computer science classes and am now graduating as a computer science major. 

[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  I am a computer science major, and I study computer science, primarily in the artificial intelligence track, as I enjoy learning about deep learning and machine learning. I also enjoy algorithms and applications to computer science as well. 
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  My friends are also mostly computer science majors. They’re important to me because we have a lot of shared experiences together and they are people I can be comfortable around.
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  My daily life usually involves waking up to go to Chinese class, and then eating lunch at my dorm and then the rest of the day is usually more variable with going to classes some days, doing homework, playing games, and hanging out with friends.

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  The last time was during a House MD episode because of a decision a doctor had to make.
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  I value other people being passionate, hardworking, honest, agreeable, amicable, and considerate. 
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  I’ve lived in a bunch of different states, South Carolina, Connecticut, Minnesota, Maryland, and Indiana.
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  I would probably travel the world and work on cool science projects that I think are interesting and impactful for the world

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  In terms of what I think is important in life, I would say family, friends, job, work-life balance, and having an impact.



