[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  
 
I was born in a small town in Turkey, which is called Safranbolu. I was the second daughter of my family. I lived in the same house with my grandparents. I spent most of my childhood playing in the garden of my house. My sister was my best friend, I always played with her. I had a good relationship with my parents, but since they were doctors, they had to spend too much time at the hospital so I could not spend much time with them. I lost most of my grandparents when I was little and had to go through the time they were sick. I went to a small school for primary and middle school and then studied science and math in high school. I spent most of my summers in a coastal city in Turkey with my grandparents. I had a dog growing up, but then he got lost. I have had a cat for 12 years now, she is one of the most important things in my life. I had another dog for 5 years, he was very sick and he passed away in May this year. I lived in my hometown for 18 years and then started my undergrad at Bilkent University in Ankara in the industrial engineering department. I spent most of my time working, I always wanted to do a PhD so I had to be a very successful student. I loved living in Ankara, I had very good friends and I enjoyed my time at Bilkent. I started doing research in my third year of undergrad and I worked on a project about computational biology even if it was not directly related to my degree. I studied in Vienna for one quarter. I joined an international college program at Disney in Orlando in 2019.  I traveled to many European countries and I believe it helped me develop as a person and set my goals. In my last year of undergrad, I published my research and I applied to PhD programs. I came here in 2022, starting my PhD studies at Stanford after finishing undergrad. 

[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  I majored in Industrial Engineering for undergrad. I am doing a PhD in Operations, Information and Technology department at the Business School. 
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  My closest friend from Turkey is Ipek. She has been my friend since I was born. She is important to me because I know I can trust her no matter what, and I know she will always be there whenever I need anything. My closest friend in the US is my cohort mate. He is very important to me because he has been my biggest support system during my PhD and helped me go through the most difficult times of my PhD life. 
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  I usually wake up very early, around 6am. I do skincare, have breakfast and get dressed, then go to my office at the Business School. I work around until 12pm, then I go to the gym. I spend around an hour at the gym, I do weight training, then I have lunch and do more work until I have dinner. I walk occasionally during the day. After dinner, I work a bit more, then I go home, get prepared for the next day, like meal prep, do skin care and then I go to sleep.
 
[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  I cried yesterday because I felt overwhelmed from being around people all the time for 4 days during the conference I attended in Seattle. 
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response: Logical, kind, intelligent, interesting.  
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  I lived in my hometown, Safranbolu, for 18 years, I lived in Ankara for 5 years, I lived in Vienna for 5 months, I lived in Orlando for 2 months, I have been living at Stanford for more than 2 years. 
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  I would spend so much time exercising, I would go to the gym and do pilates, I would travel all around the world and I would do shopping. 
 
[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  First of all, I want to live a happy life and a happy family. Then, I want to make enough money to have a comfortable life and be able to do everything I’ve wanted to do but could not until now because of financial constraints. Lastly, I want to live a healthy life. 



