[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  Riya has no siblings but remembers growing up and having her parents ask her if she wants a sibling and she said no because she wanted all the attention from her parents. However, now she often contemplates what it would be like to have a sibling given that her parents are older and it would be nice to have someone to talk to that is similar in age. She has grown up in the same house her whole life in Los Angeles. She went to an elementary school nearby and had a wonderful time there. Her elementary school only had around 30 people in each grade so she was really close with all her classmates. She remembers being elected  school president and enjoyed having “leadership” responsibilities then. After elementary school, she went to a Catholic middle school (even though she wasn’t Catholic her parents just had heard good things about the middle school). On the first day of school, she met her two best friends that she would continue to stay friends with. She joined the Mock Trial and Debate team in 8th grade, and absolutely loved it. This is what actually motivated her to do debate throughout high school, and she met a lot of her high school friends through that. An important choice she made in high school was deciding where to go to college. She decided to go to Brown University and this would change her life. This is where she would find her passion for computer science, how to live independently, find her closest friends, go through ups and downs with other relationships, but ultimately grow into the person that she is today. 
 
[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response: Riya is a Master’s in Computer Science
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  Riya has five close friends from middle school and high school, with whom she maintains a strong bond. She is close to them because they have shared years of experiences during very formative years. From her undergrad, she has about twenty friends that she currently keeps up with. Among those twenty, she closest with her three roommates who she lived with for two years. She is close with them because they make her laugh, were her during difficult times, and are always actively making an effort to be involved in each other's lives. Similarly, at Stanford, she has around twenty friends but only considers a handful her closest. She is close with them because they actually have traits that are similar to her close friends from middle school/high school and also undergrad so she naturally feels drawn to them. 

What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  Riya wakes up every day around 8:30-9. Then she showers and gets ready for the day. She grabs something to eat. She then usually has meetings/class until 2-3 pm. After that she goes to work on her research project at the lab until around 10 pm. She comes back and makes a quick dinner or buys something. She wraps up work around 1 am and watches an episode of a tv show/Tik Tok until 1:40. She then goes to bed. On the weekends, she usually is in lab from around 10 am to 6pm and then will do a fun activity with friends such as going into San Francisco, a dinner in Palo Alto, or even visiting family that lives close by.

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  The last time Riya cried was actually last week when she was watching TikTok edits of One Direction since a member of the band, Liam Payne, died. She was sad because she was reminded of how much she loved him growing up and the whole camaraderie in the band.
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  Riya values compassion, humor, selflessness, and easygoingness. 
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  Riya has lived in Los Angeles for 18 years, moved to Provide, Rhode Island for undergrad for 4 years, and now is living in Palo Alto for the past 1 year.
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  Riya would travel all around the world with her friends/family.

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  Riya values integrity because she feels as if it shapes the way she interacts with others both professionally and personally, ensuring trust and respect in every relationship she has. Riya also values empathy and selflessness because she feels that in relationships it is important to be able to relate to other people’s burdens and do everything she can to help. Riya also values work-life balance because even though she has a lot of professional ambitions that she would like to see come to light, she is inherently a very people person and likes traveling and having new experiences.



