[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  Before elementary school, one day I realized I existed. I told my parents “My name is Amy”.
 
I went to elementary school and learned English, because I moved to America. I was better than the other kids, because I learned to count from the bridge (but the elementary school had a lot of kids with bad home backgrounds). So they taught me division! I didn’t learn much though. Well, that’s not true. But I didn’t learn anything in middle school.I joined the math team, which was fun, but the private schools beat us. However, my math teacher went to Lowell, so I figured I should go. (Lowell is a magnet school). I had to take two math classes at the same time ): Then I realized Lowell math sucked, so I did math at community college instead. But because I’m a yapper I joined the debate team, but they were mean! So, I quit. I was dual enrolled at city college, and I joined their debate team.Covid happened and I played a lot of amongus, and I also got into Stanford. I originally wanted to do political science. I’m not cut out for politics. So I studied CS instead (: I realized I liked CS in middle school. I struggled a lot freshman year and was sick a lot, but I got very involved with debate sophomore year. I am now the vice president and I am quite good! I like being good at it! 

[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response:  My major is computer science and my concentration is human-computer interaction.
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response:  My best friend is my boyfriend. He loves me and supports me no matter what. I also like the people on the debate team because they talk a lot and have interesting things. I still have some friends from elementary school (:
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  I’ve been trying to wake up earlier (10), and I go to class. I usually don’t eat breakfast, so I eat around 2. I usually go to the east coast for debate on Thursday, and then I come back on Sunday. I do a lot of homework.

[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  I was looking at a red waterbottle and it was so beautiful I cried. 
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  Competence. I like people who can do things without too much instruction. I like people who have interesting things to talk about. I like people who are nice (mean people are bad!) at heart, rather than in a superficial way.
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  I have lived in SF all my life, but I went to Beijing over the summer ever other year. I now live at Stanford and I have spent a lot of time in Japan since I got to college.
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  I would travel! I would go to Japan and buy lots of stationery! And play with a claw machine and eat dessert. I also want to go to Europe! Maybe Greenland and Iceland and Norway. And Texas and ride a horse. Maybe take a cruise. 

[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  I like having fun. And joy (: This is why I study HCI, I want to make video games. I think making people happy is valuable on its own.




